Update doc testnet12. (#2776)
massalabs/massa: docs/testnet/wallet.rst

    cargo run

> It ask you your password to loads the wallet file `wallet.dat`. If it does not exist, it will ask you to set a password and it will create the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will ask your wallet password in order to load `wallet.dat`. If the file does not exist, you will be asked to set a password and it will be created.
```
